Copyright 2012. Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC.
Copyright 2013. Los Alamos National Security, LLC.

This material was produced for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL),
which is operated by Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC for the U.S.
Department of Energy. The U.S. Government has rights to use, reproduce, and
distribute this software. NEITHER THE GOVERNMENT NOR LAWRENCE LIVERMORE
NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY
LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. If software is modified to produce
derivative works, such modified software should be clearly marked, so as not
to confuse it with the version available from LLNL.

This program was also prepared by Los Alamos National Security, LLC at Los
Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) under contract No. DE-AC52-06NA25396 with
the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). All rights in the program are reserved by
the DOE and Los Alamos National Security, LLC. Permission is granted to the
public to copy and use this software without charge, provided that this Notice
and any statement of authorship are reproduced on all copies. Neither the U.S.
Government nor LANS makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any
liability or responsibility for the use of this software.

Additionally, this program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY LAWRENCE LIVERMORE NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL LAWRENCE LIVERMORE
NATIONAL SECURITY, LLC OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

LLNL-CODE-579194
